---
layout: post
title: 2018 - a few thoughts
date: 2019-02-02
---

Reflecting about 2018, it's been a very intense but rich year.

I won't share the details, I'd rather keep these to myself.
However, here are a three things I feel like writing down for me to look at later.


## My current job is great and (but?) intense

I work for [Bulb](www.bulb.co.uk). I love it. If you know Bulb, you know our growth has been incredible this year. We grew from about 200,000 to around 900,000 members (customers), while the team expanded from about 90 to around 250 employees.

It's incredible, rewarding and exhausting at the same time.

As an example between September and December 2018, I:
* worked on 4 different projects
* worked in 2 different teams
* interviewed about 1 engineer a week
* moved desks 5 times
* did many other stuff

Writing it down, it doesn't look too bad. However, this period made me realise that I am not as good as I thought at context switching. This is really tough and one thing I need to work on.


## Having a blog is hard

This blog was, and always is, a way for me to question and challenge what I do: _did I really understand this? Could I explain it to somebody?_

Up until August, I was able to make enough time for this. Then it changed, why?

The answer is actually quite simple: I have prioritised other things in life. One of them being training harder at the gym (triathlon is my thing of the moment) and the other seeing my friends and family more.

I really enjoy both, and I won't change that. However, I'd like to start writing again, so I am going to need to get better and more efficient. (It's February already, I better start now!)



## Personal stuff got in the way

Personal stuff is personal :) and, again, I won't share the details, but I had some pretty tough times last year.
<br/>
Although everything is relative, and on average I have pretty easy to be honest.

The good thing is that I realised how resilient I am. This year has been a really good test, no doubt my family did a great job raising me.
